README.md, before:

# DS

# Directory Structure:
```
├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
├── data               <- Not on github      
│   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
│   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
│
├── models             <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
│
├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
│                         the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
│                         `1.0-jqp-initial-data-exploration`.
│
├── reports            <- Generated analysis as HTML, PDF, LaTeX, etc.
│   └── figures        <- Generated graphics and figures to be used in reporting
│
├── Pipfile            <- pipenv environment file
│
├── Pipfile.lock       <- pipenv environment file lock
│
└── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
                          generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt`
```
## New Additions:
2019-10-21 - Setup project structure.

PostgreSQL database id: gnlosqdo

API Key: 290d0f39-0822-4eb4-a859-8c917a2cb3b4

Commit message:

model api local test done

README.md, after:

# Model API
The model API takes a JSON POST string and serves a prediction.

The expected JSON POST format is:
`{'name': string, 'blurb': string, 'goal': float, 'country': string(2), 'duration': float, 'category': string,}`

Prediction will be returned in this JSON format:
`{'pred': float}`

Here's an example command:
`curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"name": "This is a test Kickstarter header", "blurb": "This is an example description of a kickstarter project to test for the API. I would like to thank my wife, parents, and all my loving family members for this to work. I would also like to thank all the Kickstarter team members and project leads for making this possible.", "goal": 800.0, "country": "US", "duration":15.0, "category": "fashion"}' http://127.0.0.1:5000/predict`


## Directory Structure:
```
├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
├── data               <- Not on github      
│   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
│   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
│
├── models             <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
│
├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
│                         the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
│                         `1.0-jqp-initial-data-exploration`.
│
├── reports            <- Generated analysis as HTML, PDF, LaTeX, etc.
│   └── figures        <- Generated graphics and figures to be used in reporting
│
├── Pipfile            <- pipenv environment file
│
├── Pipfile.lock       <- pipenv environment file lock
│
└── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
                          generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt`
```
## Change log:
2019-10-21 - Han - Made RestAPI with Flask and format. Tested locally.
2019-10-21 - Han - Added EDA and two naive model notebooks. Created a model 0.68 accuracy.  
2019-10-21 - Han - Setup project structure.

PostgreSQL database id: gnlosqdo

API Key: 290d0f39-0822-4eb4-a859-8c917a2cb3b4
